[Music]
to exercise workout to tighten your legs
in a week
Alec silver Fagan a Nike trainer
believed that to get your legs and
buttocks into great shape you need to do
squats VI now squats well they work so
we've made a week training plan for you
you should perform only two exercises
each day they're simple and you can do
all of them at home while watching this
video follow it and watch your body
change for the better day one exercise
number one basic squat start your weekly
workout with basic squats place your
feet shoulder-width apart
standing on your whole foot imagine
you're sitting down on a chair with your
knees and feet in the same line and your
back straight you can keep your balance
by raising your arms in front of you
rise back up as low as you can
this exercise is one of the best for the
butt as it strengthens muscles of the
buttocks thighs and ankles for a start
you should do it 10 times here we go
10 9 8 7 6 5 4 3 2 1 well done exercise
number two squat with kickbacks place
your feet a little wider than
shoulder-width apart
and squat as you stand up transfer your
leg to one leg and kick back with
another return to the starting position
and repeat on the other side you should
do five times for each leg ready go
kickbacks will put your buttocks to work
this exercise is a more dynamic version
of the basic squat it'll help you make
your legs look perfect and increase your
muscle tone all together hey great job
that's enough for the first day
[Music]
day 2 exercise number 1 sumo squat all
right set your legs wide apart with your
toes outward pull your hips back a bit
and squat until your knees are bent at a
right angle it looks easy doesn't it
these squats strengthen both your torso
and buttocks let's repeat the exercise
10 times 10
nine eight seven six five four three two
one
well done exercise number two reaching
sumo squats this exercise adds some
cardio so set your legs wide apart with
your toes outward pull your hips back a
bit and squat until your knees are bent
at a right angle keep your hands
straight down
strain your buttocks stand up and raise
your hand above your head
let's repeat ten times okay I'll count
for you ten nine
eight seven six five four three two one
[Music]
day three exercise number one oblique
squat your waist will thank you for this
exercise set your legs wide apart with
your toes outward pull your hips back a
bit and squat so your knees are bent at
a right angle strain your buttocks and
raise your left knee towards your left
elbow repeat on the other side you
should do this
five times on each leg so totally ten
ready let's start with the left leg one
two three
or five now the right one one two three
four five
well done
exercise to pop squat
this exercise gives your muscles arrest
after the previous static posture
flushes out lactic acid can add some
cardio
set your feet a little wider than
shoulder-width apart
imagine you're sitting down on a chair
with your knees and feet in the same
line strain your buttocks bring your
feet together while standing up and
moving your straight hands back you
should do it only ten times one two
three four come on five six seven is it
eight
9 and 10 you're doing super great day
for exercise number one narrow squat it
can also be called a warm-up or the
pistol squat set your feet close
together and squat down keep your back
straight how many times should you
repeat it only 10
I'll count for you ready 10 9 8
seven six five four three two one
[Music]
exercise number two pistols squat tough
exercise with a lot of work for your
needs
so do it carefully and don't squat too
low at the beginning you might also want
to hold on to something set your feet
close together stretch your right leg in
front and squat down on your other leg
then repeat on the other side you should
do five times on each leg
shall we begin let's start with the left
leg here we go one two three four
five all right now the right one ready
one two three four five well done that's
it for the fourth day D five exercise
one curtsy squat many muscle groups are
involved simultaneously so set your legs
wide apart with your toes outward press
your hips back a bit and squat until
your knees are bent at a right angle
then your left knee and cross the right
leg behind you repeat on other side you
should perform the exercise five times
on each leg let's start with the right
leg ready 1 2 3 4 5 12 done now
the left one ready 1 2
three poor
five all right well done now the second
exercise exercise number two split squat
this exercise significantly strengthens
your calves hips and buttocks set your
legs wide apart one foot in front of the
other keep your back straight and squat
repeat on the other side
as usual you should perform the exercise
five times on each leg start with the
right leg ready one two three four
five now the left one ready one two
three four five hey you're doing great
[Music]
day six exercise number one isometric
squat with toe taps
so for Fagan calls it the booty burn
because of the muscles are as tight as
possible set your feet a little wider
than shoulder-width apart squat with
your knees and feet in the same line
stretch your right leg to the right
keeping it straight repeat on the other
side five times on each leg is your goal
so let's start with the right leg ready
one two three four five okay let's go to
the left one ready one two three four
five all right good going exercise
number two pop squat
all right set your feet a little wider
than shoulder-width apart
imagine you're sitting down on a chair
with your knees and feet in the same
line strain your buttocks bring your
feet together while standing up and move
your straight hands back you should do
it only ten times so here we go ready
one two three four five six seven eight
nine and ten okay you're doing super
great day seven exercise number one sumo
squat set your legs wide apart with your
toes outward pull your hips back a bit
and squat until your knees are bent at a
right angle it looks easy doesn't it
please squat strengthen both your torso
and buttocks let's repeat the exercise
ten times ready
ten
nine eight seven six
five four three two one half well done
[Music]
exercise number two obliques quad set
your legs wide apart with your toes
outward pull your hips back a bit and
squat until your knees are bent at a
right angle strain your buttocks and
lift your left knee towards your left
elbow repeat on the other side you
should do five times on each leg so a
total of ten ready let's start with the
left leg here we go one two three
four five already
now the right one ready one two three
four five all right well done
[Music]
if you perform the exercises correctly
you will notice changes in your body
within a week as a bonus you'll develop
a habit of doing this 5 minute workout
every day when it will prove your body
even more then double the effort don't
forget to hit the like button below the
video and save it to your favorites and
click subscribe to stay on the bright
side of life
[Music]